Document require_primary_key system variable (#9886)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Default value: `ONLY_FULL_GROUP_BY,STRICT_TRANS_TABLES,NO_ZERO_IN_DATE,NO_ZERO_DATE,ERROR_FOR_DIVISION_BY_ZERO,NO_AUTO_CREATE_USER,NO_ENGINE_SUBSTITUTION`
- This variable controls a number of MySQL compatibility behaviors. See [SQL Mode](/sql-mode.md) for more information.

> ### sql_require_primary_key <span class="version-mark">New in TBD</span>

Reviewer: TBD, can/should we set a version yet?

Author: I saw with some other sysvars we included versions, I don't know how docs for different versions are rendered on the website, but I wouldn't want this sysvar doc to appear on the website for a version in which its not available. If you think that's ensured by how they are rendered, then I am happy to drop this.

Reviewer 2: The most likely scenario is the docs team will keep this PR open until the version is known. In the last few weeks prior to release they also pause the script which publishes the docs.

But I think you can state it as v6.3, since presumably this is the release to follow v6.2.

Author: Sounds good to me. I will put in v6.3

> - Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
> - Default value: "OFF"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Type: Boolean
- Default value: `OFF`
```

> - This variable, when turned "ON" will prevent table creation without primary keys in a cluster. Behaves similar to sysvar

Reviewer: This also prevents removal of PKs, right?

Author: Yes, I will update the doc. 👍

> - This variable, when turned "ON" will prevent table creation without primary keys and dropping of primary keys in a cluster. Behaves similar to sysvar
>   [sql_require_primary_key](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/server-system-variables.html#sysvar_sql_require_primary_key) in MySQL 8.0

Reviewer 2: I think the behavior of what "preventing" needs to be better described (returns an error):
```suggestion
- When enabled, this variable enforces that tables must have a primary key. Attempting to create or alter a table to not have a primary key will return an error.
- This feature is based on the similarly named [`sql_require_primary_key`](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/server-system-variables.html#sysvar_sql_require_primary_key) in MySQL 8.0.
```

> - Can be useful with TiCDC based replication, as TiCDC silently ignores tables without primary keys atm

Reviewer: Not sure if this is the best place for this. Maybe this should (also) be on the TiCDC pages

Author: Do you think, this should just be on TiCDC page? or here as well? I just wanted to mention it because as TiCDC silently ignoring tables without PK can come as a surprise, so I think we should include this piece somewhere to let users know that there's a way to prevent that from happening.

Reviewer 2: I think it should be here + on TiCDC. Please also use stronger language:
```suggestion
- It is strongly recommended to enable this variable when using TiCDC. This is because replicating changes to a MySQL sink requires that tables have a primary key.
```

- Default value: `ONLY_FULL_GROUP_BY,STRICT_TRANS_TABLES,NO_ZERO_IN_DATE,NO_ZERO_DATE,ERROR_FOR_DIVISION_BY_ZERO,NO_AUTO_CREATE_USER,NO_ENGINE_SUBSTITUTION`
- This variable controls a number of MySQL compatibility behaviors. See [SQL Mode](/sql-mode.md) for more information.

### sql_require_primary_key <span class="version-mark">New in v6.3</span>

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Type: Boolean
- Default value: `OFF`

> - When enabled, this variable enforces that tables must have a primary key. Attempting to create or alter a table to not have a primary key will return an error.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- This variable controls whether to enforce the requirement that tables have a primary key. After this variable is enabled, attempting to create or alter a table without a primary key will produce an error. 
```

- Unit: Rows
- The maximum number of rows returned by the `SELECT` statements.

> ### require_primary_key <span class="version-mark">New in TBD</span>

Author: I am not sure, at what version this will become available, it has been merged already. So I think it will be included in the next cut for next version.

But someone need to confirm it for me. 🙏
